[16.0] [Add] fs_attachment_s3: support X-Accel-Redirect for S3-backed attachments (#497)
OCA/storage: fs_attachment_s3/README.rst

.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/storage-16-0/storage-16-0-fs_attachment_s3
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/storage&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of
`fs_attachment <https://github.com/OCA/storage/tree/16.0/fs_attachment>`__
to better support Amazon S3 storage. It includes features such as signed
URLs for X-Accel-Redirect, and enforcing the mimetype of files stored in
S3.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Configuration
=============

On the Odoo instance, go to *Settings* > *Technical* > *Storage* > *File
Storage*.

When you create a new storage for s3 or modify an existing one, when you
activate the option "Use X-Sendfile To Serve Internal Url", 2 additional
fields will appear:

- **S3 Uses Signed URL For X-Accel-Redirect**: If checked, the
  X-Accel-Redirect path will be a signed URL, which is useful for S3

>   storages that require signed URLs for access.

Reviewer: Worth explaining how the returned path is structured.

  in seconds. This field is only relevant if the previous option is
  checked. By default, it is set to 30 seconds but it could be less
  since the url generated into the X-Accel-Redirect process is directly
  used by the web server to serve the file.

The value of these fields can also be set in the server environment
variables using the keys:

- *s3_uses_signed_url_for_x_accel_redirect*
- *s3_signed_url_expiration*

When the option "Use X-Sendfile To Serve Internal Url" is enabled, the
system will generate an X-Accel-Redirect header in the response to a
request to get a file. In the case of S3 storages, it will follow the
format:

.. code:: text

   X-Accel-Redirect: /fs_x_accel_redirect/{scheme}/{host}/{path with query if any}

Where:

- ``{scheme}``: The URL scheme (http or https).
- ``{host}``: The host of the S3 storage.
- ``{path with query if any}``: The path to the file in the S3 storage,
  including any query parameters. (Query parameters are set when the
  ``s3_uses_signed_url_for_x_accel_redirect`` option is enabled.)

In order to serve files using X-Accel-Redirect, you must ensure that
your web server is configured to handle these headers correctly. This

> typically involves setting up a location block in your web server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
typically involves setting up an `internal <https://nginx.org/en/docs/http/ngx_http_core_module.html#internal>`_ location block in your web server
```
